Express HTML is a flexible web application framework with a robust set of features to develop Node.js based web applications. Javascript can be used in frontend and backend web applications development. It allows for the creation of interactive web pages that provide user input functionality. It uses a wide variety of frameworks and libraries to accomplish this. Using a single page application allows for a website to be loaded to a local machine and that machine dynamically rewrites one page to the browser instead of storing several pages in a server and requiring continuous communication between that machine and the server. It allows for faster, more responsive websites and a more pleasant user experience. 

Using a NoSQL MongoDB database offers several advantages including scalability, flexibility, and increased performance. MongoDB is able to scale to large amounts of data across multiple data stores while also being able to scale high levels of read and write traffic. It can also accommodate evolving data schemas allowing for fast and easy adaptation to the user’s needs along with supporting a wide variety of unstructured data types. 

Javascript programs can easily convert JSON into Javascript objects because of the similarities in the code format. It is easy for the front end and back end to share JSON objects and use them in any programming language. Some benefits that come from reusable US components are development speeds, improved user experience, and easier maintenance and scalability. Well designed user components can allow developers to focus on new features instead of unnecessarily rewriting redundant code and allows for faster updating of more views and sections of web pages. Postman allowed me to test various APIs and endpoints quickly and efficiently without having to restart and reload my web page after each change, allowing for more focus to be applied to the creation and maintenance of other components. This course has helped me to reach my professional goals by introducing me to and providing practice with several components that I had not previously experienced such as Angular, Express HTML, Postman, Handlebars, and JSON.
